hey everybody how you doing is junk out
here welcome to another episode of
cooking with junkyard well today we are
going back to our Asian roots why don't
have any easy routes but if you're not
just throw that in you have probably
seen or if you have not you got to check
out the junker cooking playlist where I
made some sushi rolls california rolls
now again I am NOT a chef in any way
when it comes to any of this stuff I'm
just a guy that loves to cook and love
to share with you guys but what I'm
thing I have been able to figure out is
how to make some wonderful MLG spicy
tuna roll so I forget I was going to go
ahead and show you how to make those
what help let's get started alright the
ingredients are pretty basic we have
ourselves a nice piece of sushi tuna we
have some eggs we also have some
japanese mayo and some japanese or asian
style hot sauce it's called sororo
sriracha hot sauce chili sauce some
sesame seeds we have ourselves some
seaweed go ahead and wrap it up in as
well as we have ourselves some sushi
rice okay first thing we want to go
ahead and do is cut the tuna up so
pretty much we're just going to go ahead
and slice this up you want to slice it
pretty much on the grains so it stays
someone together but again with sushi
rolls we're pretty much just chopping it
up so it's all right all right yuval
nice this was actually pre frozen flash
frozen in the ocean is how they do it
nowadays so as you can see we just got
them in nice we don't want them too big
but we don't want them too small either
so we're just going to go ahead and
slice this up all right put it all in a
bowl then on top of that we're going to
go ahead and add the fish roe fish eggs
good scoop of that all right and we're
going to add some of the hot sauce to
make that spicy and remember this has a
good bite to it so be ginger if you
don't want to give it a lot we're going
to add our mail then we're just going to
pretty much stirred a hole up again the
more hot sauce you add the spicy right
yet Oh beautiful all right next the
first couple things we need to do is get
ourselves we have our clean cutting
board here we have our bamboo ramp again
this is something you could pick up at
lots of grocery stores now but you can
also pick this up at some an Asian
specialty restaurant or an Asian
specialty market and such as app now
when you have your sushi wrap you
actually have two different sizes you
got a shiny side and a little bit duller
side the dollar side is where you're
going to go ahead and put your sticky
rice or your AK sushi rice now I also
have some water right here this is where
you want to always go ahead and put your
want to keep your hands moist alright
and what we're going to do is I like to
go ahead and rinse a little bit of the
water off and you want to go ahead and
then grab the sushi a nice big don't be
shy going to grab a nice hunk o sushi
now you need to go ahead and make sure
your hands stay moist otherwise your
hands will stick to the rice does not
making it that well the easiest thing to
work with here alright so what we're
going to do is go ahead and lay the rice
out pretty much all over the whole piece
of seaweed and one thing you could
always add things to this if you want I
mean I'm just going to go ahead and just
put the tuna roll in there but you could
add if you want you could add avocados
to it cucumbers
all kinds of stuff but this professional
we're just going to go ahead and just
add the tuna so we got the rice right
there then we're adding the tuna on it
next just make a nice line right down
the side there add some of the sesame
seeds all right and then what we could
do then what you do is you want to get
it right to the edge of the bamboo sheet
and then fold it over just like that see
the way that folds over and then you got
this you want to try to make sure you
don't put the bamboo part of it right
into the other part so then we pretty
much just pull it tight and then you
just roll it just like so and that's
about it now you're going to get it's
not going to always stick right here so
if you need to add a little bit of
moisture to it take advantage of that
water and just roll it up a couple more
times and there you go simple as that
sushi rolls now so go ahead the next
step is you want to go ahead and cut it
up you want to get a real sharp knife
now unfortunately my knives well I would
love to say I have a real sharp knife
but I don't my name is were getting
pretty dull but this I mean it's doing
it okay what you want to do though is
always before you cut it you want to put
the knife inside the water like so and
then tap it so the water goes all the
way down before you cut into the sushi
all right pretty much and then you cut
your sushi up like so then you just go
ahead and lay it out real nicely on a
sushi dish or a potted dish or a little
dish whatever you have
did dedham there you could add a little
bit of garnish right here you got a
little bit of wasabi right there a
little bit of pickled ginger there you
go fresh spicy tuna roll just going to
give this a shot fresh spicy tuna roll
simple Asian cuisine really tasty really
flavorful very cost effective you
realize you go out to the sushi
restaurant and order this it'll cost ten
bucks just for one I got enough here to
make Oh quite a few and it cost me about
ten bucks as far as ingredients ago and
I'm going to have plenty for myself and
my kids go ahead and have a lot of fun
much on so go ahead don't be shy make
sure you're gonna make mistakes we go
ahead and try it out anyway this is
junkyard hope you go ahead and give this
a try thanks for watching needless to
say keep cooking